W-19128510-bannerTLSdeprecation-49-dm (#3107)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/tls-configuration.adoc

= Configure TLS with Keystores and Truststores

> :page-notice-banner-message: TLS 1.1 support ends for Mule versions released on October 7, 2025 and later. Update your applications to use TLS 1.2 or TLS 1.3 to maintain secure connections.

Author: ```suggestion
:page-notice-banner-message: TLS 1.1 support ends for new minor Mule versions released on or after October 7, 2025. Update your applications to use TLS 1.2 or TLS 1.3 to maintain secure connections before upgrading.
```

> :page-notice-banner-message: TLS 1.1 support ends for new minor Mule versions released on or after October 7, 2025. Update your applications to use TLS 1.2 or TLS 1.3 to maintain secure connections before upgrading.

Author: ```suggestion
:page-notice-banner-message: TLS 1.1 support ends for new Mule minor versions starting with Mule 4.10. Update your applications to use TLS 1.2 or TLS 1.3 to maintain secure connections before upgrading.
```
